bpo-42737: Drop code generation for annotations with complex targets (#23952)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2020-12-26-10-37-41.bpo-42737.x4y0ok.rst

> Complex annotation targets (everything beside simple names) now doesn't
> cause any runtime effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complex annotation targets (everything beside simple names) no longer
cause any runtime effects with ``from __future__ import annotations``.
```
